Updated Readme File (#9)
Limit-Theory-Redux/ltheory: README.md

![LT Screenshot](./res/tex2d/screenshot.png)

> # Getting Started with Ltheory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Getting Started
```

## Prerequisites

To build Limit Theory, you'll need a few standard developer tools. All of them are available to download for free.

- Python: https://www.python.org/downloads/
- Git: https://git-scm.com/downloads
- Git LFS: https://git-lfs.github.com/

> Below only required for Manually Compiling LT:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to compile and install the libphx engine, you will also need:
```

- Visual Studio Community: https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/
- CMake: https://cmake.org/download/

## Checking out the Repository
First open a **Git Bash terminal**

> Then, use `cd` to change directories to the place where you want to download LT.

Reviewer: I think you can combine this with the line above i.e.

```
First, open a **Git Bash terminal**, then use `cd` to change...
```

Now, you can download the repository:

- `git clone https://github.com/Limit-Theory-Redux/ltheory.git`

> ## Compiling (Option 1: Precompiled Bin)

Reviewer: I think it would be clearer if this section was laid out in this way, making it clear to users that this is one section with two choices (as subsections):

```
## Setup libphx

Next, we will need to get the engine ready to run Lua applications. There are two options, downloading a precompiled binary package, or compiling libphx manually.

### Option 1: Using precompiled binaries.

.....

### Option 2: Compiling libphx manually

....

```

> You'll need need to download a precompiled bin folder.

Reviewer: Remove this line, the steps below say this already.

> 1. Go to https://github.com/Limit-Theory-Redux/ltheory/actions/runs/3620791750

Reviewer: This is a specific action run that will become out of date over time. I suggest guiding users to the general actions page then selecting the latest successful build:
```suggestion
1. Go to https://github.com/Limit-Theory-Redux/ltheory/actions, then click the latest successful workflow run.
```

> 2. Under "Artifacts" Click on "ltheory" and download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Under "Artifacts", click on `ltheory` to download the precompiled binary archive from that workflow run.
```

> 3. Navigate to the top level of the repository. (`~/Desktop/ltheory`)

Reviewer: I suggest this change to match the language already in the README below.

```suggestion
3. Navigate to the directory of the checked-out repository (e.g. `~/Desktop/ltheory`).
```

> 4. Create a new folder named `bin` if it does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a new folder named `bin` if it does not exist already.
```

> 5. Extract ltheory.zip into `bin`
> 6. Your Bin folder should now look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Extract the contents of `ltheory.zip` into `bin`. The `bin` directory should now contain a number of `.dll` and `.exe` files, including `lt64.exe`.
```

I suggest deleting the "Example contents" detail block below, as that's going to get out of date fast and I think frankly it's too much information. A summary like what I wrote above is good enough.

> 

Reviewer: Might be worth adding a quick sentence after this numbered list to advise the reader that they can skip to `Running a Lua App`

You can make that a link by writing something like `[Running a Lua App](#running-a-lua-app)`

<details>
<summary> Example contents of `bin\` </summary>

```
fmodL64.dll
fmodstudioL64.dll
glew32.dll
liblz4.dll
libphx64.dll
libphx64.pdb
libphx64d.dll
libphx64d.pdb
lt64.exe
lt64.exp
lt64.lib
lt64.pdb
lt64d.exe
lt64d.exp
lt64d.lib
lt64d.pdb
lua51.dll
phx64.exp
phx64.lib
phx64d.exp
phx64d.lib
SDL2.dll
```

</details>

> ## Compiling (Option 2: Manually)

Reviewer: (Following my suggestion above to restructure this a little)

```suggestion
### Option 2: Compiling libphx manually
```

> [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/) and [Visual Studio Community](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/) are Required for this Option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As mentioned in [Prerequisites](#prerequisites), both [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/) and [Visual Studio Community](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/) are required to be installed to compile libphx.
```

I suggest putting this in a markdown quote block, so it's presented

> like this

> - `python configure.py run <script_name_without_extension>`

Reviewer: Above, it says "If the compilation is successful" under "Running a Lua App".

I suggest changing this to "By the time you reach this step, you now have..."

to run a specific script. All top-level scripts are in the `script/States/App` directory.

> # Example of the Entire Process

Reviewer: Honestly, I think we can just delete this whole section. I think it's confusing how it just repeats the commands already specified above but in a weirdly abbreviated way.
